OK
While you're thinking about it
Can't be with others
Ok I promise you
Is it okay not to be with others during the consideration period?
Can you go back to sleep now?
Eyes are red
I'm not angry with you yet.
Then I'm not angry with you.
Go back to sleep
I want to hug you
Really?
I really like you.
OK
After recording the show, I can finally relax
Well, host
Giving joy in a country
And it's also on this street.
How long did it take to arrive?
Came on the same flight as you
Do economy class
Well, a big president is not doing business
He's become a stalker.
i got you but i got
Welcome, please choose at will.
Host A gunman enters the store
Host, someone is targeting you.